lights
Hello
my little things and well then today
I'm going to show you how to be a pen holder
this becomes a pen holder
a 'botellón'
let's cut it in the moment tell
like but let's visit a bottle
adhesive tape a simple pen
dictated a periodic rule glue
white glue white white paper
normal and an adhesive pencil
first let's record the bottle that
we ask after we go to the rule and what
what we are going to do is to measure the
space that we are going to occupy for
then cover it and make our
pencil portal since we have measured what
What are we going to do then
we grab a leaf
normal let's start marking it
carefully
so that he wants us to go we have like this
mark
since this marked base we are going to give
our scissors
and we are going to cut it so that later
as we wanted to overtake and we do not have
a lot of time we stayed like this
since it's like this then we're going to give
our bottle
and we are going to attach as we see that if
remains
let's make our scissors and let's
cutting the pharmacy would be easier with a
cutter but as production does not have
cutter then we have to do the
fight the budget
be careful not to leave
cut your delicate as nails
we make ourselves the surplus and we put it
where we want free demanded
of what is a stage later we are going to
use little adhesive pencil
and we're going to put like that it does not seem and it's not what
that you think dirty is just a pencil
adhesive
we stick it carefully
and we started spinning and where
stay
then we are going to put again the
saying pizza will be after we're going to
start to mark our newspaper with
the measure that we already had
that is so then we proceed to
cut delicately so that after
we left strips of that size that if
we see it is the size of the bottle what
let's do
rolls with nothing inside only the
rollito again with our pencil
adhesive pencil sticker here we can not
say nothing of brand
and we are going here we will stay
rolls like that with nothing inside
rollitos and I do not know in what moments that
they came out so
we grab our glue bottle
white white not our white color what
they can be where you want but
better in a stationery
then we put a little bit of glue in the
newspaper to possibly grab
our bottle and paste it carefully
well already after they were baby
one by one
This is how we are doing, we have
no craft mom can not separate
as you want with little flowers
color silos with little flags bows you're
so but to see how it is
decorated I need or I would like me
give a like on the facebook here
I leave my instagram
my twitter to do with the and messiah and
apart from above
enough for them to subscribe to the channel and
they will be able to see many more surprises
crafts of my little things and more more
more more and more and more and more good things
then this that would be it for the day
today next time I have another
Super manuality super manual
and good today I'm saying the phrase of no
be afraid to show your true
colors that was all